Shit Head Rules
AKA Shed, karma, palace, caboodle

One deck, Players up to four with one deck
Two desks, Four or more players.
(You can choose to use one or two desks if there are four players.)

Aim to get rid of the cards in your hand, then the cards on the table
Deal
The dealer is randomly selected for the first hand. The deal rotates clockwise after each hand.
The dealer deals a row of three face-down cards to each player, one at a time.
The dealer deals three cards face-up to each player, one at a time, covering the face-down cards.
The dealer deals three cards face-down to each player, three at once..
The remainder are the draw pile.

Aces are High at all times.
How to play
After each player has been dealt three cards face-down on the table and three face-up on top of those, and a hand of three cards (as per diagram below). Players may change any of their face-up cards on the table with the cards in their hand to create the strongest possible face-up trio (2s, 5s, 7s, 10s and royals are good here). The face-down cards must remain unseen and untouched.

The player to the dealer’s left lays the lowest card (or cards if they have more than one) of their choice face-up to start a new "discard pile", then draw the same number of cards from the stockpile to replenish their hand to three cards. Play proceeds clockwise, with each person laying a card (or cards of the same value) equal to or higher than the card on top of the discard pile, then drawing back up to three from the stockpile.

If four cards of the same numerical value are played consecutively or at the same time, this "clears the deck" - ie. that card pile is put to discard, and the person who laid the last card starts a new pile with any card (or cards) they wish.

Some cards have a special significance. You can play a 2 at any time to "reset the count". A 10 can also be laid on anything (except a 7), and clears the deck in the same way as four of a kind does.

If you cannot play, you must pick up the discard pile and add it to your hand; the next player then restarts with any card or cards. When the stockpile is exhausted, just play out your hand. When that's empty, you play your face-up cards, and finally your face-down ones, which you cannot look at before you lay (if the card doesn't "fit", pick up the whole discard pile). Last player standing becomes the shithead, of course.
Wild Cards - Can be played on any other cards:
2's - Lowest Value is a 2 (can not be played on a 6)
5s - Reverse direction of play, or back-to-me in a two player game (can not be played on a 6)
10s - Kills the pile, cards are sent to discard. (can not be played on a 7)
Non-Wild - Must be played in order, equal or higher than the card below it
When a 6 is played, the next play must be higher than or equal to 6
When a 7 is played, the next play must be lower than or equal to 7.
The Endgame
If you begin your turn with no cards in your hand (because you played them all last time and the draw pile was empty), you may now play from here the face-up cards. When you are playing your face-up cards and cannot (or do not wish to) play a card of equal or higher rank than the card(s) played by the previous player, you add one of your face-up cards to the pile before taking the whole pile into your hand. It is then the next player's turn to begin a new discard pile by playing any card or set of equal cards. Having picked up the pile, you will have to play from your hand on subsequent turns until you have once more got rid of all your hand cards and can begin playing from your table cards again.

When you have played all your face-up table cards, and have no cards in your hand, you play your face-down cards blindly, flipping one card onto the pile when your turn comes.
If the flipped card is playable, it is played, and it is the next player's turn to equal or beat it.
If your flipped card is not playable (because it is lower than the previous play), you take the whole pile into your hand including the flipped card. It is then the next player's turn to start a new discard pile. Having picked up the pile, you will have to play from your hand on subsequent turns until you have once more got rid of all your hand cards and can flip your next table card.

When you completely get rid of all of your hand and table cards, you have successfully avoided being the loser and can drop out of the game. When you flip your last table card, you can only drop out at that point if it beats the previous play (or if you are flipping it to an empty discard pile). If you flip your last card and it is not playable, you must pick it up along with the pile. As people drop out of the game, the remaining players continue playing. The last player left holding cards is the loser (also known as the shithead). This player must deal the next hand, and must also make tea (or perform any other duty the group requires for general comfort and wellbeing).

Notes:
Should you pick up the play pile because you could not go, you cannot take a card from the draw pile until you have less than three cards in your hand.

You MUST show a card to prove you can’t go when picking up the play pile.

Hints:
8s and 9s are the hardest cards to get rid of, so do so whenever you can.

Think tactically when placing multiple cards of the same value in the play-pile, you may want to play one 7 at a time, to ‘Trap’ the other player.  Or should you have, for example, three Jacks in your hand; only playing one or two and seeing what the other players have, they then play their Jack and you play the remainder to kill the pile with four Jacks.

Don’t be afraid of picking up the play pile, the pile could have cards in there that will be useful, you can even pick up the play pile if you can go (to get at the goodies therein), but you must show a card to ‘prove’ that you can’t go.

Card        Wild?        Action
2           Yes        Resets Pile - becomes the lowest card
5           Yes        Reverse direction of play, with two-players acts as a back-to-me
6           No         Next card must be equal or higher than a 6
7           No         Next card must be equal or lower than a 7
10          Yes        Kills the pile, all cards are sent to discard
________________


Hard Mode:
Remove two of the 10s from the deck.
Aces are low, they are now the lowest value card

Tournament:
Play 15 hands, the winner is the first person to have a total of 8 wins. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shithead_(card_game)
https://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2008/nov/22/rules-card-games-shithead
https://hobbylark.com/card-games/How-to-play-Bastard-the-card-game
https://www.pagat.com/beating/vandtia.html (the original version of this card game)
